release v0.6.0 (#72)
SE-UUlm/snowballr-api: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

> ## [0.6.0] - 2025-07-23

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## [0.6.0] - 2025-07-24
```
Or if it will be merged tomorrow, then please update the data accordingly.

### Changed

> - **Breaking:** Introduce fetcher options ([`b5813ee`](https://github.com/SE-UUlm/snowballr-api/commit/b5813ee)) (Luca Schlecker)

Reviewer: This is not changed, but added, right? So please move it to the right section.

> - Update requirements for criterion calls ([`4ab33fc`](https://github.com/SE-UUlm/snowballr-api/commit/4ab33fc)) (Luca Schlecker)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add differentiation between user-criteria and project-criteria in the description as well as the requirement of the project to be in `ACTIVE` state in the error specification for the CRUD criterion calls ([`4ab33fc`](https://github.com/SE-UUlm/snowballr-api/commit/4ab33fc)) (Luca Schlecker)
```
Or something similar? What do you think? Because e.g. Moritz did not read the issue description or reviewed the PR, but maybe also want to now what exactly was changed?
